manage Change UID GID (#12)
eea/eea.docker.rsync: Readme.md

## Advanced Usage

### Change UID/GID

> if you want to execute rsync with another UID/GUID than root tou can use following environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you want to execute rsync with another UID/GUID than root you can use the following environment variables
```
